{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red162\green176\blue204;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c69412\c74510\c83922;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17360\viewh17460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Attached you will find a csv file containing 36820 rows and the following columns\

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
['RaceID',\
 'HorseID',\
 'Cloth',\
 'Stall',\
 'WeightValue',\
 'JockeyID',\
 'AllowanceValue',\
 'OverweightValue',\
 'TrainerID',\
 'OwnerID',\
 'LastRunDaysFlat',\
 'Age',\
 'Blinkers',\
 'Hood',\
 'Visor',\
 'EyeShield',\
 'Eyecover',\
 'TongueStrap',\
 'CheekPieces',\
 'ForecastPrice',\
 'StatCourse',\
 'StatDistance',\
 'StatCourseDistance',\
 'StartingPrice',\
 'Bred',\
 'DamID',\
 'SireID',\
 'DamSireID',\
 'Sex',\
 'Colour',\
 'YearBorn',\
 'MeetingID',\
 'RaceNumber',\
 'ScheduledTime',\
 'HorseCount',\
 'Runners',\
 'Going',\
 'Weather',\
 'Course_Distance',\
 'RaceType',\
 'TrackType',\
 'Handicap',\
 'eligibility',\
 'CourseID',\
 'MeetingDate',\
 'Won\'92]
\f0\fs28 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
You are the first person with access to this data and as such are tasked with completing some exploratory analysis and data visualisation. The idea is to discuss some of your analysis and output in our discussion so the aim of this exercise is more to facilitate our discussion than to produce a perfect set of results. As such, please do not spend more than 
\f2\b \ul 30 minutes
\f0\b0 \ulnone  on this task. \
\
The output of this work will need to be understood by other data analysts and should be useful for any future projects using this data. As such, please provide appropriate annotations/commentary so that the work can be easily followed. \
\
Preferably please complete this task in a jupyter-notebook using Python. You are free to use any tools at your disposal for these tasks but it will need to be reproducible by us in order to assess it. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Task: Data Visualisation
\f0\b0 \
\
Consider the best way to visualise this data. \
\
1) Create some key components that may be used within a data visualisation dashboard to present your analysis to other data analysts and/or a wider audience. \
2) As you explore the data, please note down any questions or concerns that come to mind, along with any insights and conclusions that you are able to draw using the visualisation components that you have built.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 During the tech interview, we will be discussing your conclusions from this analysis and also asking additional questions about data warehouse modelling in the context of this dataset. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
}